Role changes (#185)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: Ondo-Finance/Role-Changes/README.md

# Role Changes

## Description

This agent detects transactions Role changes related function calls in Ondo Registry
> Functions:
>
> - addStrategist
> - grantRole
> - renounceRole
> - revokeRole
>
> Registry: 0xf69c52bf2cf76250647c0bb5390d4ba8854a1d4a

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum

## Alerts

- ONDO-1

>   - Fired when a transaction execute one or more of the above functions in Ondo Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fired when a transaction executes one or more of the above functions in the Ondo `Registry` contract.
```
Small correction and small suggestion.
